In the last lecture we created our first basic re-act app.
But that certainly looks strange.
What is dead were in the script.
Partir What does the HMS Echo do there.
That's that special feature I was talking about J.S. X extension to javascript introduced by re-act
which is enabled by the baseball tranced piler which allows us to write HTL ish code.
It's not exactly T.M. as you will learn in javascript behind the scenes.
This will be transported to something else and we can actually write this something else on our own.
So I will just copy that and then comment that out for the moment.
And added in there and now a ride.
All right just differently.
I will write this or I'll put it into a new element I'll add cons to your conses iOS 6 feature to define
a variable which doesn't change if you don't feel confident using this.
Just use var.
But I recommend diving into iOS 6 if you want to go with react.
So will create a new variable basically here which will name element the element of one output and this
element now uses react and there create element.
Notice we're not using react on.
We're using this first inboard now.
And they are the target element method which is provided to us by this package and create element takes
three or more arguments.
The first argument is the wrapping element and that is only one.
You may have only one wrapping element but you may nest as many elements as you want inside of it.
So here that would be p r paragraphed tag without lower than the greater than sign just a tag name.
The second argument.
Are the props we want to pass to this argument and it will come back to prop's later.
Let's say now for now the first or all our arguments.
You may have as many as you want.
Are the children of this paragraph so your debts shust Max.
Just a name.
Now with this we can use element in here.
So this constant and hit Control enter and see Max again.
That is what this jazz X code gets transposed to this re-act create element method.
But since this is not very intuitive to right and gets even more complex if you have more complex HVM
all the code with nested elements inside of the paragraph and so on.
I will use shape's X in this course and I strongly recommend that you do so to deciles is a key difference
to view chaos there.
We wrote our HMO code in the HCM out section and we only added some dynamic parts to it.
Something will come back to in the next lectures here too.
And then we were able to use debt in react.
We write everything in javascript.
We won't touched his aged female part for our re-act code anymore.
We will stick to javascript and put our age.
Tim L. X code in there too.
That's the key difference.
That's chest x and that's what I'll use.
So I will simply comment this out comment does however change it also.
I will instead say Konst aliment equals this paragraph which had an output down there with react on
render.
But if I had control enter this still works.
Now let's see how we can also make this a bit more dynamic so that we don't have to hard code mix in
there.